Summary
Film Guessing Game is a game where you test your film guesses from a list of five film names. Correct guesses are marked with a green label and films with similar characteristics are also shown in green, while each wrong guess costs you one point. At the end of the game you can view the results, play again or quit. This game offers a fun experience while testing your film knowledge

Software Design
The software design of the Film Guessing Game includes the user interface, data exchange, data processing and feedback mechanisms Scenebuilder and Javafx were used to design these interfaces. The user interface provides a graphical interface where the user can enter film names, click buttons and see the results. Data exchange receives the film names entered by the user (excel list) and checks for correct/incorrect predictions. Data processing checks the similarity of the film names and ensures that correct predictions are marked in green and incorrect predictions in red. The feedback mechanism shows the user the results of his/her guesses and allows him/her to monitor the progress of the game. This design is optimised so that the user can easily play the game and make correct predictions
Conclusion
Film Guessing Game is an application that allows users to test their knowledge and have a fun experience. The game works successfully with its components such as user interface, data processing mechanisms and feedback system. As missing in the application (there was a problem integrating the autofill algorithm with scenebuilder - we spent extra time solving problems caused by character sets in data reading).
The resources we used during the software development process include ChatGPT, YouTube tutorial videos, Scene Builder API, JavaFX API and documents. We actively used these resources as a quick solution to project requirements and problems we encountered.
During the project process, we adopted the principles of teamwork and dynamic programming. We paid attention to implementing these principles at every stage, but we had minor problems in integrating Scenebuilder and JavaFx with java source codes at certain points and tried to solve them with a clean code approach.

my team mate, who I developed the app with(https://github.com/duyguozdugan) 